A case of this video we're going to look at how we can add and remove foreign keys from a table.
So here I've already written out the escrow for how to add and remove foreign keys.
So to add a foreign key we need to type out a table followed by the table name and then we need to type
and constrain and follow it by a constraint name.
So actually we make we make up the constraint name here so we can name it whatever we like.
And then we need to type foreign key followed by the column name.
So this is the column which we want to set as the foreign key that we need to type references followed
by the table name.
So the table which this foreign key is referencing and then open a pair of brackets and the column which
is foreign key is referencing.
So let's look an example of adding a foreign key.
So hero of type describe addresses and describe people.
So let's just run describe addresses and you can see we have this ID field which is the ID of each address
and then in the People table for your own describe people we have this address id call them.
So I want to make this address id column in the People table a foreign key which references the ID column
in the addresses table.
So let's add that now.
So we need to come in here and we need to go on a new line and we can type out table people because
we're altering the people table will not be addresses table.
And then we need to type that constraint followed by a foreign key constraint name which we can make
up now.
So let's call it f k for foreign key underscore people address.
So this is the name of a foreign key constraint.
And then on the next line we can type for an k.
I open up her brackets and not the column which we make in a foreign key.
So in this case address IDEI and then we need to go ask you know what column this is referencing.
So we need to type references followed by the table name.
So we're referencing the addresses table and then we need to open the brackets and at the column within
the addresses table that we're referencing.
So it's the ID column in the addresses table.
And then need to finish up with a semi-colon and then we just need to run this query.
And then we can run.
Describe people
and drag this up so you can see now on the key we have mo.
Whereas before it was blank for the address ID.
So we've added all foreign key constraint to the address id column in The People table.
One thing you have to be careful of when you're adding foreign keys is the column that you're referencing
here has to be a primary key.
So if you removed this primary key for the ID column and the addresses table in the previous video then
you need to add that back before you run this statement.
Otherwise you get an error.
So whenever you're referencing a column for a foreign key it must be a primary key.
So now let's look at how we can remove foreign keys from a table.
So you can see here.
I've already written out that as well.
So we need to type out the table full by the table name and then type drop foreign key and then just
add the constraint name.
So is this the same as the constraint name that you defined when you added the foreign key.
So let's remove this foreign key which we just set up for the address ID.
So in the next line let's type out a table for that by the table name.
So people in this case.
And then we can type drop the foreign key followed by the constraint name.
So the constraint name we set up was FKK under school people dress.
Make sure you spell it correctly.
And then we can just run that query to remove all foreign key OK so that's it for this video.
Looking how we can add and remove foreign keys from a table.
Let's move on to the next video.